update hl7 fhir and DICOM example (#67)
IHE/ITI.DeIdHandbook: input/pagecontent/fhir-example.md

### HL7 FHIR data for secondary use

> HL7 FHIR (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources) is a modern standard for exchanging hea

Reviewer: R3 should be part of R4

After properly setting the pseudonymization policy, an authorized user initiates a bulk data 
export. The EHR system performs de-identification by following the pseudonymization policy, and then exports the pseudonymized FHIR resources. We assume the EHR exports the pseudonymized FHIR data using the FHIR Bulk Data Access specification (FHIR $export operation) to a secure storage location or FHIR server.                                                            
3. Transfer the pseudonymized data to the anonymization environment.
The pseudonymized FHIR data is transferred via a secure network connection (e.g., HTTPS, SFTP
) or through encrypted portable media to the research data center. Access is controlled through authentication and authorization mechanisms.                                              
**Process Steps: Stage 2**

1. Import the pseudonymized FHIR data.
The research data center imports the pseudonymized FHIR data into the dedicated de-identifica
tion system. The system validates the FHIR resources and prepares them for advanced anonymization processing.                                                                             
2. Select anonymization policy.

> An anonymization policy needs to be selected and applied to the pseudonymized FHIR data. For 

Author: corrected

> some cases, a default anonymization policy could be deployed together with the anonymization service. The anonymization policy describes the behavior of processing quasi-identifiers, such as Patient.birthDate, Patient.address.postalCode, and Patient.gender. The processing behavior cannot be unified to fit the requirements of all data collection cases. For example, patient age usually needs to be transformed into a ranged value from the original birthDate, but the range scope may be different for different cases. Some require 5-year ranges (e.g., 20-24, 25-29), others may require 10-year ranges or age categories (e.g., adult, pediatric). Geographic data may need to be generalized to 3-digit ZIP codes for some studies or to state level for others. Therefore, ideally, the anonymization policy is customized and approved in a case-by-case manner based on the research protocol and IRB requirements.                         

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some cases, a default anonymization policy could be deployed together with the anonymization service. The anonymization policy describes the behavior of processing quasi-identifiers, such as Patient.birthDate, Patient.address.postalCode, and Patient.gender. The processing behavior cannot be unified to fit the requirements of all data collection cases. For example, patient age usually needs to be transformed into a ranged value from the original birthDate, but the range scope may be different for different cases. Some cases will require 5-year ranges (e.g., 20-24, 25-29), others may require 10-year ranges or age categories (e.g., adult, pediatric). Geographic data may need to be generalized to 3-digit ZIP codes for some studies or to state level for others. Therefore, ideally, the anonymization policy is customized and approved in a case-by-case manner based on the research protocol and IRB requirements.                         
```

ource                                                                                           - **References**: Ensure all resource references use pseudonymized identifiers consistentl
y                                                                                            
4. Perform risk assessment.
The anonymization service performs a quantitative re-identification risk assessment (e.g., k-
anonymity analysis) on the processed dataset to ensure it meets the acceptable risk threshold defined in the project requirements.                                                        
5. Mark de-identification status.
The anonymization service adds appropriate FHIR security labels and provenance information to
 indicate the de-identification status:                                                         - Add Meta.security labels (e.g., "PSEUDED" for pseudonymized, "ANONYED" for anonymized)
   - Use Data Absent Reason extension where data has been removed for privacy
   - Add Provenance resource documenting the de-identification process

6. Export anonymized FHIR data.
After successful anonymization and risk assessment, the service exports the anonymized FHIR d

> ata to the research environment. The data can be exported as FHIR Bundles, NDJSON files, or loaded into a research FHIR server for query access.                                          

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ata to the research environment. The data can be exported as FHIR Bundles, JSON files and loaded into a research FHIR server for query access.                                          
```
